# sensor
The sensor project is a fully automated card reader combined to a PHP API build to restrict user access in real industry environment.

## Features
* **Secure access management**
* **Easy monitoring through dashboard**
* **Handle HTTPS secure requests**
* **Fully configurable database adaptation**
* **Automatic logs in Database**

## Prerequisites
Before running `api_saas`, make sure you install these following libraries :
* uuid
* requests
* psycopg2-binary
* watchdog

You can install them by typing this following command in your terminal :  
`pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

## Installation

Clone this repository to your local machine.

Open your terminal and navigate to the cloned repository.

Move the `api_stat.php` and `api_sync.php` file into **SaaS Platform**, make sure to have a destination dir (ex: `dst_dir_json_log`)

Let the other files in the **DPI Probe side**, where the source dir (ex: `src_dir_json_log`)

Edit the `config.py` file with your DB credential + with your `src_dir` PATH and `PHP API` URL.

Edit the `SQL COMMAND` present in the python file, specially the `schema` parameter.

Run the script by typing `python3 to_saas.py` in your terminal.

-AUTOMATIC MODE- Run the script by typing `python3 to_saas_auto.py` in your terminal.

Now, let the script run by itself.

## Usage
**api_saas** can be used to **monitor** and **copy** the **json logs** generated by the **DPI Probe** to a **SaaS Platform**, this tool is fully **automatic** and can be **run in automatic mode**, with the goal to automaticly **transfer new file** just by letting it run.

## Usage Demo 
Execution of to_saas.py

https://github.com/orsec-tech/api_saas/assets/117448792/da414b79-d293-4789-8025-9f9adae15c40

<br/>

Execution of to_saas_auto.py

https://github.com/orsec-tech/api_saas/assets/117448792/0bd1282a-eb78-4d51-8ab4-e803b81a1086

## Author
* [@natekali](https://github.com/natekali)
